sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@G32S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@86_del_ag	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D88G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@G32S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-86g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-3c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@253_del_gtttcgattgac	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@R179H	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D33A	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@324_del_c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-87g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-87g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L15R	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-84c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@174_ins_ttcgtgtgccctaccgagatcgcggcgttcagcaagctcaatga	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-39t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-45g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V130M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V130M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-41a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-83c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D22N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@229_ins_a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105K	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@174_ins_ttcgtgtgccctaccgagatcgcggcgttcagcaagctcaatga	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-97_ins_tatg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-97_ins_tatg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A193V	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-43a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-81_del_cacctttg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@I137T	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-75a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-73t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-83g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D182G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@F108S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@W96C	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@K192N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A187P	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@249_del_g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A195S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-84c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L4R	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@K180N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-36t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@H100L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L165F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@G32S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@86_del_ag	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D88G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@G32S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-86g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-3c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@253_del_gtttcgattgac	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@R179H	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D33A	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@324_del_c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-87g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-87g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L15R	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-78a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-84c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@174_ins_ttcgtgtgccctaccgagatcgcggcgttcagcaagctcaatga	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-39t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-89g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-45g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V130M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V130M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-41a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-83c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D22N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@229_ins_a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105K	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@174_ins_ttcgtgtgccctaccgagatcgcggcgttcagcaagctcaatga	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-97_ins_tatg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-97_ins_tatg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A193V	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-43a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-81_del_cacctttg	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@I137T	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-75a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-40a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-73t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@-75_del_t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-83g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@D182G	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-90a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-42c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@F108S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@W96C	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@K192N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A187P	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-79t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@249_del_g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@T105M	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@A195S	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-51a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@V161L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-84c	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L4R	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@a-80g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-76a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@K180N	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@c-36t	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@H100L	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@t-77g	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@g-93a	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L191F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
sample:<built-in function id>	mut:ahpC@L165F	note:Cannot find mut in catalogue
